# Q2 Goals

## Complete Orbit/Discourse integration

This is very close to completion. I need about a week's worth of data in addition to what I have before I can get the queries done, and then it's down to getting the data into Orbit, which should only be about a week's worth of work.

## Microservices Orchestration with InfluxDB

This was the original idea, but I actaully had a new and (possibly brilliant) idea just this weekend that I'd like to talk about: Replacing the embedded database in Camunda Platform BPMN with a java-native database: QuestDB.

I had a long talk with the QuestDB CEO Nic recently and he mentioned that the majority of their market traction lately has been companies using QuestDB as an embedded database. This is almost entirely with shops that have their stack written in Java because QuestDB is written in java.

I thought that this would be something worth invetigating to see if
a) it's doable
b) it adds any performance improvement since QuestDB is a high-performance database.

## IoT Thought Leadership

In thinking about this, it seemed to make sense to pick a particular market segment to target with a specific PoC solution using IoT and Camunda Platform BPMN.

One of the posts I did on IoT while at InfluxData that got very significant traction was greenhouse automation. 

## GOTO Meetup

Working on a proposal this week for the Abstract and talk. Looking to add a splash of IoT to the talk, since it's something they are interested in!

Ideas so far:

- Using the Go Library to implement external tasks in Camunda Platform BPMN
- Orchestrating IoT tasks with Camunda Platform BPMN
