Julia,

Randy has asked me to write this letter to you. He wishes to have no further contact with you whatsoever. None. Please do not write him emails, send him letters, call him, etc. No contact means absolutely zero contact from you. If you cannot abide by his wishes willingly, he will be forced to take out a restraining order in order to prevent you from contacting him. He is fully prepared to do that if you do not cease contact immediately. If he had wanted you to have his new home address, he would have given it to you. Tracking it down is coming dangerously close to stalking.

Additionally, he would like you to transfer administration of his 529 educational savings account to someone who can properly administer it for him. He has suggested either me or his Aunt Susan as acceptable administrators.

These are his wishes. Trying, in the space of 5 hours, to have him involuntarily committed to a mental facility, followed by attempting to have him murdered by cop was the final straw. (Make no mistake -- and we've checked this with several police officers -- when you call the police in the middle of the night and report "there's a man in my house, and he has a gun" the police will respond, with weapons drawn, and very likely shoot any man that even moves.) Those were not 'mistakes' as you put it. A mistake is forgetting to pack a lunch, or misspelling guacamole. Those were deliberate acts designed to cause him harm. They were thought out in advance and took substantial forethought and effort on your part to accomplish. Legally, it's called 'premeditation'.
